Heavy revision done (#66)
UofTCoders/paper-rcourse: paper.md

# Description and eligibility

<!-- this will not be part of the final paper -->

We present an open source learning module suitable for a semester long course
and designed to leverage participatory live-coding techniques to teach both
statistical and programming skills to primarily upper-year undergraduate biology

> students. Our learning module has three primarily self-contained submodules spanning

Reviewer: 'primarily' occurs near the end of the previous sentence and the beginning of this one; I feel it's slightly repetitive (even if on a different topic.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
students. Our learning module has three self-contained submodules spanning
```

sixteen lessons: 1) Programming in R, basic data wrangling, and visualizations; 2)
Exploratory data analysis, statistics, and modelling; and 3) Collaborative and reproducible
science. Our learning module includes eight assignments, distributed throughout
the term to assess students' learning and understanding of the material. All

> materials were developed and taught using R Markdown, although no prior

Reviewer 2: I suggest changes this sentence to keep present tense and remove "although", which I think sounds a bit strange here.

> The material is made available as R Markdown documents and designed to be taught using R Notebooks. Students are not expected to have any prior knowledge of the R language.

knowledge of the R programming language is assumed or expected. Our material is

> licensed under CC-BY 4.0 while the code is under a MIT License. The open source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
licensed under CC-BY 4.0 while the code is under the MIT License. The open source
```

> and modular nature of our computational and statistical learning module, as well

Reviewer 3: This middle predicate seems awkwardly tacked on. Perhaps this could be compressed a bit and split into two sentences: 

"In responding to the need for greater programming training for researchers, we believe the modular and open source nature of our course makes it an ideal resource for other instructors of computational and statistical skills. As such, we believe it would be an excellent contribution to JOSE."

Reviewer 2: Agree, I would do something along the lines of:

> Our course is a response to the growing need for programmatic training emphasizing sound data analysis practices among researchers. We believe the included topics, open accessibility, and modularity makes our course an ideal resource for instructors and an excellent contribution to JOSE.

as responding to and emphasizing on the need for greater programming training
for researchers, makes our material an ideal resource for other instructors and
we believe it would be an excellent contribution to JOSE.

> # Main Body

Reviewer 4: Do we want 'Main Body' as a heading? I don't think it's required, and none of the other papers in JOSE that I saw had it.

Author: This is simply to split up the document. Once I move the paper file into the `rcourse` repo, I'll keep only the important sections and remove the Main Body heading.

## Statement of Need

<!--
Describing why this material is beneficial to the community, why someone else would use it
-->

In traditional undergraduate biology education, students learn statistical

> skills and biological concepts separately, often without any teaching on coding

Reviewer 5: "without any teaching on coding..." sounds a bit awkward, maybe "without coding incorporated into the material..." or "without any practical application through coding..."

itself. Designed primarily for upper-year undergraduate students, this learning

> module emphasizes gaining skills in R coding in the context of learning

Reviewer 2: Since we write `live-coding` with a hyphen, should we also write `R-coding`?

Author: I don't think so. I've never seen that wording before.

> statistics and ecology. Notably, the materials cover statistical concepts that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
statistics and ecology. Notably, the material covers statistical concepts that
```
(This is a collective noun in this context.)

are broadly useful in biological sciences, including mixed effects models,
randomization tests, model selection, and differential equations. While we

> delivered these material and concepts as a four-month semester long course,

Reviewer 4: s/material/materials

Reviewer: I would consider it singular, as in above. But that does leave 'these' to match the two things a bit weird looking. Not sure if a slight re-arrangement might help.

Author: I agree, "material" is more appropriate. I removed "these material" though, so it reads "the material"

> delivered these material and concepts as a four-month semester long course,

Reviewer 4: I would say change `four-month semester long` to `four-month-long`

these concepts are structured into primarily independent submodules focused
around several lessons. All material was designed by an interdisciplinary, PhD
student-level teaching team that could easily be mixed and matched to suit any

> desired learning module outcome. From the start, lessons were designed to be

Reviewer 4: Remove 'from the start'

Reviewer: What is a learning *module* outcome (as opposed to just plain learning outcomes)? And actually, what does mixing-and-matching have to do with the design team?

Author: @QuLogic good point about the mix and match. I just removed the "design team" bit entirely.

> interactive, delivered in a participatory live-coding format so students learn

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
interactive and delivered in a participatory live-coding format so students learn
```

experientially. The teaching material includes assignments to hone and reinforce
students' understanding and allow them to critically apply their skills to new

> problems. Reproducible quantative research skills are emphasized throughout,

Reviewer 3: s/quantative/quantitative

culminating in an open-ended self-directed project that requires students to
apply their skills to a real ecological dataset and problem. The teaching

> material is publicly hosted in a GitHub repository and has an auto-generated

Reviewer 2: Suggesting something like:

> The teaching material is hosted in a public GitHub repository which automatically generates a website that presents the text, code, and code output together on the same page.

website from the source material, so that text, code, and output is presented

> all together. The material is openly available and licensed, anyone can easily

Reviewer 6: Change "," after licensed to ";" or replace comma with "and"

copy and modify for their own purposes.

## Learning Objectives and Content

The overarching objective of the course is to teach reproducible and

> collaborative quanititative research skills. The lessons are described in more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
collaborative quantitative research skills. The lessons are described in more
```

> detail in Table 1 and are designed into three overall submodules:

Reviewer 4: s/designed/organized

> detail in Table 1 and are designed into three overall submodules:

Reviewer 4: remove `overall`

> 1. Programming in R [@R], basic data wrangling, and visualizations (lessons 1-5).

Reviewer 5: for consistency to line 122, s/visualizations/visualization

Reviewer: Only the last element in a list should end in a period; non-final entries end in semi-colons.

Reviewer 2: @QuLogic Seems like that recommendation differs between style guides. Both the [Wikipedia style guide](https://english.stackexchange.com/a/5244/42086) and [Chicago manual of style](https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/55048/use-of-capitals-and-full-stops-in-bullet-points/55049#55049) guide specifies to end complete sentences with a period in lists. I also prefer that!

Author: @joelostblom I agree as well. It is aesthetically more pleasing (my view of course) to have periods.

| | 7 | Descriptive and inferential statistics | `tidyverse`; `car` [@car]; `psych` [@psych]; `multcomp` [@multcomp] |
| | 8 | Linear mixed-effects models | `tidyverse`; `plyr` [@plyr]; `lme4` [@lme4]; `lmerTest` [@lmerTest] |
| | 9 | Randomization tests and data simulation  | `tidyverse`; `reshape2` [@reshape2]; `EcoSimR` [@EcoSimR] |
| | 10 | Multivariate statistics (e.g. PCA) | `tidyverse`; `car`; `psych`; `multcomp`|
| | 11 | Model selection and averaging  | `tidyverse`; `lme4`; `lmerTest`; `MuMIn` [@MuMIn] |
| Numerical models | 12| Population modelling with differential equations  | `tidyverse`; `deSolve` [@deSolve] |
| | 13 | Time-series data and numerical models  | `tidyverse`; `deSolve` |
| Collaborative and reproducible science | 14 | Scientific methods | |
| | 15 | Collaborating through Git and GitHub | |
| | 16 | Manuscript preparation in R Markdown | `knitr` [@knitr]; `rmarkdown` [@rmarkdown] |

Table: Overview of submodules, lessons, and packages used in the learning module.

## Instructional Design

Drawing on the instructors' previous experiences teaching introductory
programming workshops, we designed our lessons to have the following components:

> 1. *Lesson Outline*: A clearly defined outline of the lesson objectives

Reviewer: This is the only bullet point that starts with an incomplete sentence.

including expected time spent on each objective. This gives students a clear 

> expectation on what they should learn and gain from the lesson. It also provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expectation of what they should learn and gain from the lesson. It also provides
```

a structured template for instructors to prioritize content and gauge how much 
time each objective should take.

> 2. *Participatory Live-Coding*: Coding in real-time, with the students actively

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. *Participatory Live-Coding*: Coding in real-time with the students actively
```

> following along, form the primary focus of each lesson material. This hands-on

Reviewer 4: s/form/forms

> following along, form the primary focus of each lesson material. This hands-on

Reviewer 4: Remove `material`

> following along, form the primary focus of each lesson material. This hands-on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
coding along, form the primary focus of each lesson material. This hands-on
```

approach to teaching is frequently used by teaching organizations such as 

> [Software Carpentry](https://software-carpentry.org/blog/2016/04/tips-tricks-live-coding.html))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Software Carpentry](https://software-carpentry.org/blog/2016/04/tips-tricks-live-coding.html)
```

[@carpentry;@rubin_effectiveness_2013;@haaranen_programming_2017;@wilson_teaching_2018].

> While most lessons' goals were to learn programming by doing, some lessons were

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While many learning outcomes focused on programming proficiency, some lessons were
```

> heavier on concepts (such as "Statistical Modelling" or "Differential

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
centred around concepts (such as "Statistical Modelling" or "Differential
```

> Equations"), during which we still used the live-coding approach. This allows 

Reviewer 4: Change to `This approach not only demonstrates the concepts in a step-by-step fashion but also helps students practice...`

to not only demonstrate the concepts in a step-by-step fashion but to also
show how to practice writing code.

> 3. *Interweaved Exercises*: Coding exercises or discussion points are

Reviewer 3: s/Interweaved/Interwoven

Reviewer 2: [Interweaved is also good](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/interweave). I believe I hear that more often, unless I am mixing it up with `interleaved`, which would also work here.

Author: True, interweaved is good, but interwoven sounds nicer to the ear ;)

> interspersed throughout the lesson to assess and reinforce the concepts and

Reviewer 3: Maybe `throughout each lesson` instead of `the lesson`?

skills being taught. These exercises challenge the students and help build

> confidence in the material and in the coding skills. They also help instructors

Reviewer 3: 'the coding skills' feels awkward - maybe 'in their coding skills'?

> identify problem areas to then expand on more thoroughly to further reinforce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
identify problem areas that should be further reinforced.
```
(can also tack on "later in the lesson" or "later in the course" or something along those lines.)

learning.

> 4. *Summative Assignments*: A comprehensive final assignment is used to test the

Reviewer 4: is used after every two lectures

Reviewer: For the *final* assignment?

Author: @mbonsma and @QuLogic I added two separate parts for the individual assignments and the final assignment

competency of students on the lesson material and expected skills to be gained.

Each of our submodules and individual lessons built on skills and concepts that
would ultimately allow students to complete a final open-ended analysis of real
open ecological data. We deliberately chose large and messy (e.g. missing
values) datasets for the students, reflecting the types of data that are being
increasingly generated across various disciplines. With this goal in mind, we
designed lessons to provide the building blocks to clean, manipulate, visualize,
and analyze any dataset the students may come across, both for the final project

> as well as in their later career.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and in their future research.
```

## Teaching Experience

For the first iteration of the course, our teaching team consisted of six
graduate students from diverse fields of research; we divided course topics among
each instructor to develop and deliver individual lessons and assignments to the
eight students. We reduced the number of instructors to four graduate students
for the second iteration and the number of students increased to 26. We estimate
four instructors could effectively teach the current iteration of the course to
around 40 students. We feel having instructors come from multiple fields is a
major strength and strongly recommend this practice for teaching quantitative 

> research methods and skills.

Reviewer 4: Nice!

To maximize the learning experience, we prioritized in-class participation,
engagement, and hands-on experience. The main teaching techniques we used to
achieve this goal were participatory live-coding, interweaving exercises with

> teaching, and the project-based learning

Reviewer 3: Just 'and project-based learning' works a bit better here

[@sawyer_cambridge_2006;@strobel_when_2009;@markham_project_2011] where students

> collaborated in teams on data analysis problems, to mimic a real world scenario.

Reviewer 4: no comma

To ensure proper teaching assistance was available at all times, we adopted a
technique used successfully in workshops developed by The Carpentries
[@wilson-software-carpentry]. This technique involved having at least two
instructors present for each lesson, where one instructed and another acted as a
"helper". Students would signal for assistance by attaching colored sticky notes
to the back of their laptop monitor. This method avoided interrupting the lesson
flow when individual students needed assistance.

## Story of the project

> While there are many excellent open source software available for quantitative

Reviewer 4: software packages available

Software might be plural, but it feels awkward to me the way it is.

data analysis, the use of less capable tools (such as spreadsheet software)
is still prevalent among researchers, even though these drastically reduce
analytical reproducibility, power, and efficiency. This happens partly due to

> lack of awareness, and partly because students (who will be future researchers)

Reviewer 6: Should we assume that all students in the course will be future researchers? Maybe change to "many of whom will be future researchers".

Reviewer 3: I think this is referring more generally to grad students, not students in the course. It might be a good idea to change 'students' to 'graduate students' for clarity and remove the bit in parentheses entirely.

often are not incentivized to learn new and better tools, as they usually must
use what their supervisor or colleagues use. Those who do try to learn these
modern tools often do so in isolation, without much formal training available,

> and aside from their main research activities. These are major barriers to

Reviewer 4: Remove `and aside from their main research activities`. It's reading awkwardly and I don't think we need it. Or if you want to keep it, make it `and on top of their main research activities`

> learning. To help break these barries, we launched the graduate student group [UofT

Reviewer 3: s/barries/barriers

Reviewer 3: Also maybe calling it University of Toronto Coders instead of UofT Coders? Outside readers may not immediately pick up on what U of T refers to without looking at our affiliations

> learning. To help break these barries, we launched the graduate student group [UofT

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
learning. To help break down these barriers, we launched the graduate student group [UofT
```

Author: Wow, I'm dumb. I've been manually adding these "beta suggested changes" when I could have committed them directly... silly boy ...

> Coders](http://uoftcoders.github.io/) where we run peer-led learning sessions on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coders](https://uoftcoders.github.io/) where we run peer-led learning sessions on
```

using code for research through skill sharing, co-working, and community building
in a friendly and supportive environment.

> After running many sessions and after consistently received overwhelmingly

Reviewer 5: remove the second after ("...and ~after~ consistently...")

> After running many sessions and after consistently received overwhelmingly

Reviewer 3: `After running many sessions and consistently receiving overwhelmingly positive feedback on our content and teaching style`

positive feedback on our content and teaching style, we sought to formally share
our experiences through the university curriculum. We designed a course on open,

> reproducible data analysis, and contacted multiple departments that would be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
reproducible data analysis, and contacted multiple departments that could be
```

interested in hosting this course. The Department of Ecology and Evolutionary
Biology at the University of Toronto agreed, and we ran a pilot of the course
with the title "Theoretical Ecology and Reproducible Quantitative Methods in R"
to fourth-year undergraduate students. We modelled the structure and portions of
the course content after the course ["Reproducible Quantitative
Methods"](https://cbahlai.github.io/rqm-template/), which was created by Dr.

> Christie Bahlai, and then heavily modified the lesson content to include

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Christie Bahlai. We extensively modified the lesson content to include
```

> expanded material on data wrangling, visualization, reproducibility, and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
expanded material on data wrangling, visualization, reproducibility,
```

> collaborative science, as well as additional theoretical ecology topics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
collaborative science, and additional theoretical ecology topics.
```

> Following a successful pilot term, we modified our lesson material again to

Reviewer 3: Extremely minor, but maybe `modified our lesson material further`? I think we should also mention that the course was bumped down to a third year level, since that's the level of the material we're actually presenting with this paper

Author: We stated "upper year" students. I think that may be generic enough not to warrant needing to be precise enough to say "third-year".

include more generally applicable statistical concepts and far fewer theoretical
ecological concepts. We also renamed the course to "Quantitative Methods in R
for Biology" [@rcourse] to reflect this change. On both occasions, the course

> received excellent feedback from the students and the supervising professors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
received excellent feedback from the students and the supervising professors and has been incorporated into the long-term curriculum as a third year level course.
```

# Contributions

> LWJ, MB-F, LT, and LC initially conceptualized the course, while JO took the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
LWJ, MB-F, LT, and LC conceptualized the course.
```

> initial lead on course development. JO, MB-F, LWJ, LC, ES, and LT designed and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
JO lead course development. JO, MB-F, LWJ, LC, ES, and LT designed and
```

taught the first iteration of the course. JSS, LC, MB-F, and ARH taught the
second iteration of the course, with guest lectures from SM and LT. Lesson
development for second iteration: JO and ARH (1-5), JSS (8, 9, 11), LC (6, 7,
10), MB-F (12, 13), LWJ (14), ARH and SM (15), LT (16). LWJ, MB-F, JO, SM, LT,

> ARH, and JSS wrote the paper.

Reviewer: Don't know if my editing suggestions count here or not...

Author: i can add a section on editing :)

# Description and eligibility

<!-- this will not be part of the final paper -->

We present an open source learning module suitable for a semester long course
and designed to leverage participatory live-coding techniques to teach both
statistical and programming skills to primarily upper-year undergraduate biology
students. Our learning module has three self-contained submodules spanning
sixteen lessons: 1) Programming in R, basic data wrangling, and visualizations; 2)
Exploratory data analysis, statistics, and modelling; and 3) Collaborative and reproducible

> science. Our learning module includes eight assignments, distributed throughout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
science. Our learning module includes eight assignments distributed throughout
```
(or add a comma after 'term' on the next line)

the term to assess students' learning and understanding. The material is made
available as R Markdown documents and designed to be taught using R Notebooks.
Students are not expected to have any prior knowledge of the R language. Our
material is licensed under CC-BY 4.0 while the code is under the MIT License. 
Our course is a response to the growing need for programmatic training
emphasizing sound data analysis practices among researchers. We believe the

> included topics, such as open accessibility and modularity, makes our course an

Reviewer 2: The way I suggested this, I was thinking that "modularity" and "open accessibility" was referring to the course itself being modular and openly accessible rather than that we teach modularity. So I would do this:

```suggestion
included topics, open accessibility, and modularity, makes our course an
```

ideal resource for instructors and an excellent contribution to JOSE.

# Main Body

## Statement of Need

<!--
Describing why this material is beneficial to the community, why someone else would use it
-->

In traditional undergraduate biology education, students learn statistical
skills and biological concepts separately, without any practical application
through coding. Designed primarily for upper-year undergraduate students, this
learning module emphasizes gaining skills in R coding in the context of learning
statistics and ecology. Notably, the material covers statistical concepts that
are broadly useful in biological sciences, including mixed effects models,
randomization tests, model selection, and differential equations. While we

> delivered the material and concepts as a four-month long course,

Reviewer 2: Vim it! `gqip`

| | 15 | Collaborating through Git and GitHub | |
| | 16 | Manuscript preparation in R Markdown | `knitr` [@knitr]; `rmarkdown` [@rmarkdown] |

Table: Overview of submodules, lessons, and packages used in the learning module.

## Instructional Design

Drawing on the instructors' previous experiences teaching introductory
programming workshops, we designed our lessons to have the following components:

1. *Lesson Outline*: Each lesson has a clearly defined outline of the lesson objectives,
including expected time spent on each objective. This gives students a clear 
expectation of what they should learn and gain from the lesson. It also provides
a structured template for instructors to prioritize content and gauge how much 
time each objective should take.
2. *Participatory Live-Coding*: Coding in real-time with the students actively
coding along, forms the primary focus of each lesson. This hands-on
approach to teaching is frequently used by teaching organizations such as 
[Software Carpentry](https://software-carpentry.org/blog/2016/04/tips-tricks-live-coding.html)
[@carpentry;@rubin_effectiveness_2013;@haaranen_programming_2017;@wilson_teaching_2018].

> While many learning outcomes focused on developing programming proficiency, some lessons were

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While many learning outcomes focus on developing programming proficiency, some lessons are
```
(all list entries are present tense)

centred around concepts (such as "Statistical Modelling" or "Differential

> Equations"), during which we still used the live-coding approach. This approach

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Equations"), during which we still use the live-coding approach. This approach
```
(unsure on this one since it's about the course)

students' ability to bring together all concepts learned throughout the learning 
module.

Each of our submodules and individual lessons built on skills and concepts that
would ultimately allow students to complete a final open-ended analysis of real
open ecological data. We deliberately chose large and messy (e.g. missing
values) datasets for the students, reflecting the types of data that are being
increasingly generated across various disciplines. With this goal in mind, we
designed lessons to provide the building blocks to clean, manipulate, visualize,
and analyze any dataset the students may come across, both for the final project
and in their future research.

## Teaching Experience

For the first iteration of the course, our teaching team consisted of six
graduate students from diverse fields of research; we divided course topics among
each instructor to develop and deliver individual lessons and assignments to the
eight students. We reduced the number of instructors to four graduate students
for the second iteration and the number of students increased to 26. We estimate
four instructors could effectively teach the current iteration of the course to

> around 40 students. We feel having instructors come from multiple fields is a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
around 40 students. We consider having instructors come from multiple fields is a
```

major strength and strongly recommend this practice for teaching quantitative 
research methods and skills.

To maximize the learning experience, we prioritized in-class participation,
engagement, and hands-on experience. The main teaching techniques we used to

> achieve this goal were participatory live-coding, interweaving exercises with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
achieve this goal were participatory live-coding, exercises interwoven with
```

[@sawyer_cambridge_2006;@strobel_when_2009;@markham_project_2011] where students
collaborated in teams on data analysis problems to mimic a real world scenario.

To ensure proper teaching assistance was available at all times, we adopted a
technique used successfully in workshops developed by The Carpentries
[@wilson-software-carpentry]. This technique involved having at least two
instructors present for each lesson, where one instructed and another acted as a
"helper". Students would signal for assistance by attaching colored sticky notes
to the back of their laptop monitor. This method avoided interrupting the lesson
flow when individual students needed assistance.

## Story of the project

While there are many excellent open source software packages available for quantitative
data analysis, the use of less capable tools (such as spreadsheet software)
is still prevalent among researchers, even though these drastically reduce
analytical reproducibility, power, and efficiency. This happens partly due to
lack of awareness, and partly because graduate students, many of whom will be future researchers,
often are not incentivized to learn new and better tools, as they usually must

> use what their supervisor or colleagues use. Those who do try to learn these

Reviewer 2: Vim it like it's hot! `gqip`

modern tools often do so in isolation and without much formal training available.
These are major barriers to
learning. To help break down these barriers, we launched the graduate student group 

> [University of Toronto Coders](http://uoftcoders.github.io/) where we run peer-led learning sessions on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[University of Toronto Coders](https://uoftcoders.github.io/) where we run peer-led learning sessions on
```

interested in hosting this course. The Department of Ecology and Evolutionary
Biology at the University of Toronto agreed, and we ran a pilot of the course
with the title "Theoretical Ecology and Reproducible Quantitative Methods in R"
to fourth-year undergraduate students. We modelled the structure and portions of
the course content after the course ["Reproducible Quantitative
Methods"](https://cbahlai.github.io/rqm-template/), which was created by Dr.
Christie Bahlai. We extensively modified the lesson content to include
expanded material on data wrangling, visualization, reproducibility,
collaborative science, and additional theoretical ecology topics.

Following a successful pilot term, we modified our lesson material further again to
include more generally applicable statistical concepts and far fewer theoretical
ecological concepts. We also renamed the course to "Quantitative Methods in R
for Biology" [@rcourse] to reflect this change. On both occasions, the course
received excellent feedback from the students and the supervising professors and has been incorporated into the long-term curriculum as a third year level course.

> 

Reviewer 5: third-year instead of third year?

Reviewer 5: super minor I approve otherwise

Author: A quick google search suggests third year is more common than third-year.

# Contributions

LWJ, MB-F, LT, and LC conceptualized the course.
JO lead course development. JO, MB-F, LWJ, LC, ES, and LT designed and
taught the first iteration of the course. JSS, LC, MB-F, and ARH taught the
second iteration of the course, with guest lectures from SM and LT. Lesson
development for second iteration: JO and ARH (1-5), JSS (8, 9, 11), LC (6, 7,
10), MB-F (12, 13), LWJ (14), ARH and SM (15), LT (16). LWJ, MB-F, JO, SM, LT,
ARH, and JSS wrote the paper. LWJ, MB-F, ES, JO, LT, JSS, and AH proofread and

> editted the final draft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
edited the final draft.
```
